===== PAGE 131 =====

                                                                  5.2      Analog inputs and outputs


                                                                        Analog outputs

                                                                        They may be used for axis, spindle drives and as a servo for other devices.

                                                                        The electrical characteristics of these outputs are:


5.                                                                          Command voltage within range

                                                                            Minimum impedance of the connected drive:
                                                                                                                                                ±10 V.

                                                                                                                                                10 kW.




                                      Analog inputs and outputs




       MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
                                                                            Maximum cable length without shield:                                75 mm.

                                                                        Shielded cables should be used connecting the shield at each connector as shown here. See
                                                                        chapter "1 8055 CNC configuration". See chapter "2 CNC 8055i configuration".

                                                                                It is recommended to adjust the servo drives so the maximum feedrate (G00) is obtained at a velocity
                                                                                command of ±9.5V .




                                                                        Analog inputs

                                                                        They may be used for monitoring, supervising, controlling, etc. external devices.

                                                                        The electrical characteristics of these inputs are:

                                                                            Voltage range                                                       ±5 V.

                                                                            Input impedance                                                     20 kW

                                                                            Maximum cable length without shield:                                75 mm.

                                                                        Shielded cables should be used connecting the shield at each connector as shown here. See
                                                                        chapter "1 8055 CNC configuration". See chapter "2 CNC 8055i configuration".




CNC 8055
CNC 8055i



 SOFT: V01.6X




    ·132·
===== PAGE 132 =====

5.3      Setup


      Some general points to consider

      Inspect the whole electrical cabinet verifying the ground connections BEFORE powering it.

      This ground connection must be done at a single machine point (Main Ground Point) and all other
      ground points must be connected to this point.

      The power supply used for the digital inputs and outputs must be regulated and its zero volts must
      be connected to the main ground point.
                                                                                                                                            5.
                                                                                                                                            Setup




                                                                                                             MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
      Check the connection of the cables and connectors. DO NOT connect or disconnect these cables
      to/from the CNC when the CNC is on.

      Without powering the electrical cabinet on, check all the pins of the connectors for short-circuits.



      Precautions

      It is recommended to reduce the axis travel installing the limit switches closer to each other or
      detaching the motor from the axis until they are under control.

      Verify that there is no power going from the servo drives to the motors.

      Verify that the connectors for the digital inputs and outputs are disconnected.

      Verify that the E-STOP button is pressed.



      Connection

      Verify that the A.C. power is correct.

      With the CNC completely disconnected from the electrical cabinet, power the electrical cabinet and
      verify that it responds properly:

      Verify that there is proper voltage between the pins corresponding to external 0V and 24V of the
      connectors for the digital inputs and outputs.

      Apply 24V to each one of the terminals of the electrical cabinet being used that correspond to the
      digital outputs of the CNC and verify their correct performance. Check that the electrical cabinet
      responds properly.

      With the motors being decoupled from the axes, verify that the system consisting of drive, motor
      and tacho is operating properly.

      Connect the A.C. power to the CNC. If there is any problem, the CNC will display the corresponding
      error.

      Select the PLC monitoring mode at the CNC and activate the digital outputs (O1=1) one by one to
      verify their proper operation.

      With power turned off, connect the I/O and feedback connectors to the CNC.

      Connect the CNC and the electrical cabinet to A.C. power and confirm the counting direction of each
      axis.
                                                                                                             CNC 8055
                                                                                                             CNC 8055i



                                                                                                                    SOFT: V01.6X




                                                                                                                                            ·133·
===== PAGE 133 =====

                                              Introduction to machine parameters

                                              The machine parameters relate the CNC to the particular machine. The values that the CNC assigns
                                              to each one of them by default are described in the relevant chapter. See chapter "6 Machine
                                              parameters".

                                              These values, shown in the parameter tables, may be modified manually from the CNC’s keyboard
                                              or from a peripheral (pendrive, computer, etc.) via the two serial communication ports RS 232C and
                                              USB.

5.                                            Some characters appear next to certain parameters indicating when the CNC assumes the new
                                              value assigned to that parameter.


                                      Setup
                                                 //     It is necessary to press the keystroke sequence: "Shift - Reset" or turn the CNC off and




       MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
                                                        back on.
                                                 /       Just press Reset.
                                                         The rest of the parameters (those unmarked) will be updated automatically, only by
                                                         changing them.



                                              Setting of the machine parameters for the axes

                                              Once the active axes have been assigned by means of g.m.p. "AXIS1" (P0) thru "AXIS8" (P7), the
                                              CNC will enable the relevant axes parameter tables.

                                              The values to be assigned to the parameters of each of these tables will depend on the results
                                              obtained when adjusting each machine axis.

                                              Before making this adjustment, position the axes near the middle of their travel and place the hard
                                              stops (monitored by the electrical cabinet) near these mid-travel points in order to prevent any
                                              possible damage to the machine.

                                              Verify that the PLC Mark "LATCHM" is OFF. Then, after selecting the parameters of the desired axes,
                                              go on to adjusting them following these advises:
                                               • Adjust the axes one by one.
                                               • Connect the power output of the drive corresponding to the axis being adjusted.
                                               • Selecting the Jog mode at the CNC, jog the axis to be adjusted.
                                                 In case of runaway, the CNC will display the relevant following error and the machine parameter
                                                 labeled LOOPCHG (corresponding to the sign of the velocity command output of the CNC) will
                                                 have to be changed.
                                               • If the axis does not run away; but the direction of the move is not the desired one, parameters
                                                 labeled AXISCHG (P13) (axis feedback counting direction) and LOOPCHG (P26) (sign of the
                                                 velocity command output) will have to be changed.




CNC 8055
CNC 8055i



 SOFT: V01.6X




    ·134·
===== PAGE 134 =====

     Machine reference point (home) adjustment for each axis

     Once the movement of the axes has been properly adjusted, place the travel-limit switches back
     where they should be.

     The following adjusting sequence is one of the many that could be used:
      • This adjustment should be done one axis at a time.
      • Indicate in the a.m.p. REFPULSE (P32) the type of marker pulse Io being used for Home Search.
      • Set a.m.p. REFDIREC (P33) to indicate the direction of the axis when searching Home.
      • Set g.m.p. REFEED1 (P34) and REFEED2 (P35) to indicate the feedrates for Home search.                                               5.
      • a.m.p. REFVALUE (P36) will be set to "0".
                                                                                                                                            Setup




                                                                                                             MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
      • Once in the JOG mode and after positioning the axis in the right area, start homing the axis.
        When done, the CNC will assign a "0" value to this point.
      • If the machine reference zero is in a different physical location from the machine reference point
        (location of the marker pulse), proceed as follows:
        After moving the axis to a known position (with respect to Machine Reference Zero), observe
        the position reading of the CNC for that point.
        This will be the distance away from the machine reference point; thus, the value to be assigned
        to a.m.p. REFVALUE (P36) will be:
            Machine coordinate of the measured point - CNC reading at that point.

     Example:
        If the point whose known position is located 230 mm from Machine Reference Zero and the CNC
        reads -123.5 mm as the coordinate value for this point, the coordinate of the Machine Reference
        Point with respect to Machine Reference Zero will be:
            REFVALUE = 230 - (-123.5) = 353.5 mm.
        Assign this new value and press [RESET] so it is assumed by the CNC.
        It is also necessary to search Home once again in order for this axis to assume the correct
        reference values.



     Axis travel limits (software limits)

     Once all the axes have been referenced, their software limits must be measured and set.

     This is achieved a single axis at a time as follows:
      • Move the axis in the positive direction towards the end of the axis travel stopping at a safe
        distance from the mechanical end-of-travel stop.
      • Assign the coordinate shown by the CNC for that point to a.m.p. LIMIT+ (P5).
      • Repeat these steps in the negative direction assigning the resulting coordinate to a.m.p. LIMIT-
        (P6).
      • Once this process is completed, hit SHIFT RESET or turn the CNC off and back on in order for
        it to assume the new values.




                                                                                                             CNC 8055
                                                                                                             CNC 8055i



                                                                                                                    SOFT: V01.6X




                                                                                                                                            ·135·
===== PAGE 135 =====

                                              Adjustment of the drift (offset) and maximum feedrate (G00)

                                              These adjustments are performed on servo drives of the axes and on spindle drives.

                                              Offset (drift) adjustment.

                                              Disconnect the velocity command input and short-circuit it with a wire jumper.

                                              Turn the offset potentiometer of the drive until the voltage on the tach terminals is 0mVdc. Check
                                              this with a volt meter set at a range of 200 mV.

5.                                            Remove take the wire jumper that short-circuited the velocity command input.


                                      Setup




       MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
                                              Maximum feedrate adjustment.

                                              It is recommended to adjust the drives so the maximum feedrate is obtained with a velocity command
                                              voltage of 9.5V. If they are adjusted to a different voltage, it must be indicated in the a.m.p. or s.m.p.
                                              MAXVOLT (P37).

                                              Also, the maximum feedrate must be indicated in the a.m.p. G00FEED (P38).

                                              The maximum feedrate can be calculated from the motor rpm, the gear ratios and the type of
                                              leadscrew being used.

                                              Example:
                                                 A motor can turn at 3000 rpm and it is attached to a 5 pitch screw (5 mm/turn).
                                                 The maximum feedrate will be:
                                                     3000 rpm x 5 mm/turn = 15000 mm/minute

                                              This will be the value to be assigned to a.m.p. G00FEED (P38).

                                              Once these values are assigned to the relevant parameters, the drives must be adjusted.

                                              To do so, a CNC program can be executed which will move the axis back and forth continuously
                                              at G00 feedrate. One such program could be:
                                                 N10 G00 G90 X200
                                                 X-200
                                                 (GOTO N10)

                                              If the Tach in use provides 20V per 1000 rpm, its voltage should be:
                                                 (20 V / 1000 rpm) x 3000 rpm. = 60 V.




CNC 8055
CNC 8055i



 SOFT: V01.6X




    ·136·
===== PAGE 136 =====

5.4      Connection of the emergency input and output

      The emergency input of the CNC corresponds with the I01 input of the PLC and must be supplied
      with 24V.

      8055 CNC
         pin 2 of connector X9 of the –Axes– module.

      8055i CNC.
         pin 10 of connector X2

      Since the CNC also processes this signal directly, if the 24V disappear, the CNC will display
      EXTERNAL EMERGENCY ERROR and will deactivate all axes enables and will cancel all velocity
                                                                                                                                               5.



                                                                                                                MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
                                                                                                                                               Connection of the emergency input and output
      commands.




      During the initializing process carried out by the CNC on power-up, the EMERGENCY OUTPUT
      of the CNC (pin 2 of connector X10) remains at low (at "0") in order to avoid a premature activation
      of the electrical cabinet.

      If this process is successful, the CNC will set the real value of PLC output O1 to "1". Otherwise, it
      will keep the /EMERGENCY OUTPUT signal active (low) and it will display the corresponding error
      message.

      Once the initialization process is over, the PLC will execute the PLC program stored in memory. If
      none is available, it wait for one to be entered and executed.

      When the execution of the first cycle (CY1) (or the first program scan) is finished the PLC will assign
      the value of output O1 to physical output "/EMERGENCY OUTPUT".

      It is recommended to program the CY1 cycle of the PLC program assigning a value of 1 to O1 when
      everything checks out fine and a value of 0 when there is an error.

      The interface of the electrical cabinet will take into account all the elements that could cause this
      type of error. Among such elements are:
       • E-stop has been pressed.
       • The travel limit of any axis has be exceeded.
       • There is a malfunction on a drive or it is locked without velocity command signal.

                                                                                                                CNC 8055
                                                                                                                CNC 8055i



                                                                                                                       SOFT: V01.6X




                                                                                                                                               ·137·
===== PAGE 137 =====

                                                                                     When the CNC detects an error, it will let the PLC know through the general logic output "/ALARM"
                                                                                     and it will activate the emergency output (logic level 0).
                                                                                         Pin 2 of connector X10 of the –Axes– module.

                                                                                     Since this signal corresponds to the PLC output O1, it can also be activated by the PLC program.




5.



       MACHINE AND POWER CONNECTION
                                      Connection of the emergency input and output   The recommended connection diagram is the following:




                                                                                                                  I1                RE
                                                                                       Emergency STOP                                                                              24 V
                                                                                                                                   RSE

                                                                                                                                                Emergency         Other emergency
                                                                                                                                                STOP button       buttons



                                                                                                                                                RE

                                                                                                                                                                                    0V

                                                                                                                                                                   Emergency from
                                                                                                                                                                   electrical cabinet




                                                                                                                  O1                              RSE
                                                                                     Emergency output                                                                               0V
                                                                                                                                          Emergency STOP relay




CNC 8055
CNC 8055i



 SOFT: V01.6X




    ·138·
===== PAGE 138 =====


                                                                                        6
  i       It is recommended to save the CNC machine parameters into the hard disk (KeyCF) or in a peripheral
          or PC to avoid losing them.


  On power-up, the CNC performs a system autotest and when this is over, it displays the following
  screen:




              Report window.

  The CNC allows the display of a previously defined screen instead of the Fagor logo. Refer to the
  operating manual.

  During the autotest, if any error occurs, its relevant message will be displayed in the report window.

  The main menu for the various operating modes will appear at the bottom of the CRT. These options
  will be selected using the softkeys F1 through F7.

  Since it is possible to have more than 7 options to choose from at one time, use the "+" softkey to
  display the rest of them.

  Once the "Machine Parameters" operating mode has been selected, the CNC shows the machine
  parameter tables that are saved in the hard disk (KeyCF).


                                                                                                               CNC 8055
                                                                                                               CNC 8055i



                                                                                                                SOFT: V01.6X




                                                                                                                   ·139·
===== PAGE 139 =====

                            The available machine parameter tables are:
                             • General machine parameters.
                             • Machine parameters for the axes (one table per axis)
                             • Machine parameters for the spindles (main, second and auxiliary).
                             • Drive parameters (access to the parameters of each drive).
                             • Parameters for the serial line and Ethernet.
                             • PLC Parameters.
                             • Auxiliary (miscellaneous) M functions.
6.                           • Leadscrew backlash Compensation (one table per axis).
                             • Cross compensation.




       MACHINE PARAMETERS
                            To access each one of them, use the softkeys shown at the bottom of the screen.

                            Some characters appear next to certain parameters indicating when the CNC assumes the new
                            value assigned to that parameter.

                             Character             Type of update

                             //                    It is necessary to press the keystroke sequence: [SHIFT] + [RESET] or turn the CNC
                                                   off and back on.

                             /                     Just do a reset.

                                                   The rest of the parameters (those unmarked) will be updated automatically, only by
                                                   changing them.

                            On each table, it is possible to move the cursor line by line using the [] [] keys or page by page
                            using the Page-up and Page-down keys.

                            Abbreviations used in this manual.

                            The manual uses the following abbreviations to identify the type of machine parameter.

                             Abbreviation          Machine parameter                                Example

                             g.m.p.                General machine parameter.                       g.m. p. CUSTOMTY (P92)
                             a.m.p.                Axis machine parameter.                          a.m.p. AXISTYPE (P0)

                             s.m.p.                Spindle machine parameter.                       s.m.p. MAXGEAR1 (P2)

                             plc.m.p.              PLC machine parameter.                           plc.m.p. WDGPRG (P0)




                            Operation with parameter tables

                            Once one of the table lines has been selected, the user can move the cursor over this line by means
                            of the [] [] keys .

                            It is also possible to perform other functions by using the following keys:

                             Key               Function

                             [CL]              Deletes characters.

                             [INS]             Switches between insert and overwrite (replace) writing modes.

                             [CAP]             Switches between upper case and lower case letters; when the CRT shows CAP, it will
                                               indicate that the upper case mode has been selected.
                                               Make sure this mode is selected since all characters entered in these tables must be
CNC 8055                                       upper case.
CNC 8055i
                             [ESC]             Quits line editing.

                             [ENTER]           Assumes the edited line and ends the editing of the line.


 SOFT: V01.6X




    ·140·
===== PAGE 140 =====

     The CNC offers the following options when working with each parameter of these tables:
         EDIT                   Edit a parameter. The CNC will indicate the proper format by means of the
                                softkeys.
         MODIFY                 Modify a parameter. Position the cursor on the desired parameter and
                                press the Modify softkey.
                                Once the modification is done, press ENTER for the CNC to assume the
                                new value.
         FIND                   Look for a parameter. The cursor will be positioned over the indicated



         INITIALIZE
                                parameter. With this function it is also possible to "find" the beginning or
                                the end of the table.
                                Initialize the table assuming the default values.
                                                                                                                                        6.


                                                                                                                   MACHINE PARAMETERS
         LOAD                   Load into memory the tables saved in the hard disk (KeyCF), a peripheral
                                device or a PC.
         SAVE                   Save the tables into the hard disk (KeyCF), a peripheral device or a PC.
         MM/INCHES              To see the parameter values in the desired units. Only those parameters
                                affected by this conversion will be altered. It will not change the g.m.p.
                                INCHES (P8) that indicates machine units.



     Machine parameter setting

     In order for the machine-tool to be able to properly execute the programmed instructions as well
     as interpret the different elements connected to it, the CNC must "know" the specific data of the
     machine, such as: feedrates, accelerations, feedback, automatic tool change, etc..

     This data is determined by the machine builder and can be introduced either from the CNC’s
     keyboard or via the CNC’s two serial ports.

     First, the general machine parameters must be set since they determine the machine axes.

     There are some parameters to indicate whether the machine has cross compensation or not. These
     compensation tables will be generated by the CNC from the values assigned to those parameters.

     The general machine parameters also determine the number of elements at the tables for tools, tool
     magazine, tool offsets and M functions (miscellaneous).

     The axes parameters will define the leadscrew compensation tables and they will only be generated
     for those axes which require them.

             When selecting the drive parameters at the CNC, it is possible to display and modify the parameters
     i       stored at each drive.
             The CNC does not have parameters of the drive although their copies may be stored in the hard disk
             (KeyCF).




                                                                                                                   CNC 8055
                                                                                                                   CNC 8055i



                                                                                                                       SOFT: V01.6X




                                                                                                                                        ·141·
===== PAGE 141 =====

                            VERIFICATIONS BEFORE STARTUP

                            In order for the CNC to perform properly, after a setup, check that the following machine parameters
                            have been set with proper values. This is very important for safety reasons, because if those values
                            are not the right ones, the machine's performance could be deficient.



                            General machine parameters


6.                          PRODEL (P106)




       MACHINE PARAMETERS
                            This parameter the time delay between the instant probing takes place and the CNC is aware of
                            it. G.m.p. PRODEL (P106) must be set to 0.

                            STOPTAP (P116)
                            This parameter indicates whether general inputs /STOP (M5001), /FEEDHOL (M5002) and
                            /XFERINH (M5003) are enabled or not while executing function G84. G.m.p. STOPTAP (P116) must
                            be set to NO.

                            INSFEED (P117)
                            This parameter sets the tool inspection feedrate. G.m.p. INSFEED (P117) must be set with a proper
                            value (other than 0).

                            RAPIDEN (P130)
                            This parameter indicates whether the "rapid" key affects the execution and the simulation or not.
                            G.m.p. RAPIDEN (P130) must be set to 0.

                            MAXOFFI (P165)
                            This parameter indicates the maximum amount of wear that may be entered for "I" when modifying
                            the wear offsets from tool inspection mode. G.m.p. MAXOFFI (P165) must be set with a proper value
                            (other than 0).

                            MAXOFFK (P166)
                            This parameter indicates the maximum amount of wear that may be entered for "K" when modifying
                            the wear offsets from tool inspection mode. G.m.p. MAXOFFK (P166) must be set with a proper
                            value (other than 0).

                            FEEDTYPE (P170)
                            This parameter indicates the behavior of the feedrate when programming F0. G.m.p. FEEDTYPE
                            (P170) must be set to 0.

                            MAXOFFJ (P182)
                            This parameter indicates the maximum incremental value allowed for Y axis wear compensation.
                            G.m.p. MAXOFFJ (P182) must be set with a proper value (other than 0).



                            Axis parameters

CNC 8055
                            LIMIT+ (P5) and LIMIT- (P6)
CNC 8055i
                            These parameters set the travel limits for the axis (positive and negative). A.m.p. LIMIT+ (P5) and
                            LIMIT- (P6) must have the right values

                            FBACKAL (P11)
 SOFT: V01.6X
                            This parameter indicates whether the feedback alarm for this axis will be ON or OFF. A.m.p.
                            FBACKAL (P11) must be set to ON.




    ·142·
===== PAGE 142 =====

     FBALTIME (P12)
     This parameter indicates the maximum time that the axis may stay without properly responding to
     the CNC’s command. A.m.p. FBALTIME (P12) must be set with a proper value (other than 0).

     MAXFLWE1 (P21)
     This parameter indicates the maximum following error allowed when this axis moves. The value of
     a.m.p. MAXFLWE1 (P21) must be slightly higher than the amount of following error (lag) in G0.

     MAXFLWE2 (P22)
     This parameter indicates the maximum following error allowed when this axis is stopped. The value
                                                                                                                               6.
     of MAXFLWE2 (P22) must be snug, i.e. the value must not be too large.




                                                                                                          MACHINE PARAMETERS
     MAXCOUPE (P45)
     This parameter indicates the maximum difference allowed between the following errors of the Gantry
     axes that electronically coupled. A.m.p. MAXCOUPE (P45) must be set with a proper value (other
     than 0). Only for Gantry or slaved axes.

     FLIMIT (P75)
     This parameter indicates the maximum safety limit the axis feedrate. A.m.p. FLIMIT (P75) must be
     set with a proper value (other than 0).

     ADIFEED (P84)
     This parameter sets indicates the maximum feedrate allowed due to the additive handwheel. A.m.p.
     ADIFEED (P84) must be set with a proper value (other than 0).

     FRAPIDEN (P85)
     This parameter indicates the maximum axis feedrate when activating the EXRAPID mark and when
     pressing the rapid key in execution or in simulation with motion. A.m.p. FRAPIDEN (P85) must be
     set with a proper value (other than 0).



     Spindle parameters


     FBACKAL (P15)
     This parameter indicates whether the feedback alarm for the spindle will be ON or OFF. S.m.p.
     FBACKAL (P15) must be set to ON.

     MAXFLWE1 (P21)
     This parameter indicates the maximum following error allowed for the spindle when moving in closed
     loop (M19). The value of s.m.p. MAXFLWE1 (P21) must be slightly higher than the amount of
     following error (lag) in G0.

     MAXFLWE2 (P22)
     This parameter indicates the maximum following error allowed for the spindle when stopped in
     closed loop (M19). The value of MAXFLWE2 (P22) must be snug, i.e. the value must not be too large.

     SYNPOSOF (P53)
                                                                                                          CNC 8055
     This parameter indicates the maximum shift (offset) between the main spindle and the second one
     when they are synchronized in position. S.m.p. SYNPOSOF (P53) must be set with a proper value
                                                                                                          CNC 8055i
     (other than 0).

     SYNSPEOF (P54)
                                                                                                              SOFT: V01.6X
     This parameter indicates the maximum speed error (offset) between the main spindle and the
     second one when they are synchronized in speed. S.m.p. SYNSPEOF (P54) must be set with a
     proper value (other than 0).




                                                                                                                               ·143·
===== PAGE 143 =====

                            SYNMAXSP (P63)
                            This parameter indicates the maximum turning speed when the spindle are synchronized. S.m.p.
                            SYNMAXSP (P63) must be set with a proper value (other than 0).

                            SLIMIT (P66)
                            This parameter sets the maximum safety limit for the spindle speed. S.m.p. SLIMIT (P66) must be
                            set with a proper value (other than 0).



6.                          PLC Parameters.




       MACHINE PARAMETERS
                            WDGPRG (P0)
                            This parameter sets the Watchdog time-out period for the main PLC program. PLC.m.p. WDGPRG
                            (P0) must be set with a proper value.

                            WDGPER (P1)
                            This parameter sets the Watch-Dog time-out period for the periodic module of the PLC. Only if a
                            periodic subroutine has been defined. PLC.m.p. WDGPER (P1) must be set with a proper value.




CNC 8055
CNC 8055i



 SOFT: V01.6X




    ·144·
===== PAGE 144 =====

6.1       Parameter matching between the CNC and the Sercos drive

      Some CNC and drive parameters must be set accordingly (matching each other) to ensure proper
      system performance. While initializing the Sercos ring, on CNC power-up and when validating the
      machine parameters of the axes and spindles, the CNC updates at the drives the parameters to
      ensure that they match.



      i       The CNC matches the parameters when the drive is an ACSD.



      Understanding the parameter matching table.
                                                                                                                                     6.




                                                                                                                                     Parameter matching between the CNC and the Sercos drive
                                                                                                                MACHINE PARAMETERS
      The table indicates which CNC parameters are involved in parameter matching as well as a the drive
      parameters that are affected. The different columns of the table have the following meaning.
      CNC             List of CNC machine parameters.
      DRIVE           List of drive parameters that are equivalent to each CNC parameter.
      Feedback        It indicates whether or not writing the parameter at the drive depends on the type of
                      axis feedback, internal or external.


       CNC                    DRIVE          Feedback       Remarks

       FBACKDIF (P100)        PP5            External       If 2nd drive feedback

       INPREV (P87)           NP121                         If INPREV, OUTPREV and PITCHB are other than 0.
                                                            Affects all the sets.
       OUTPREV (P88)          NP122                         If INPREV, OUTPREV and PITCHB are other than 0.
                                                            Affects all the sets.
       PITCHB (P86)           NP123                         If INPREV, OUTPREV and PITCHB are other than 0.
                                                            Affects all the sets.
       I0TYPE (P52)           PP115          External       It writes bits 0, 1, 3.

                              PV200                         If 2nd drive feedback and I0TYPE =1 or 2.
                                                            It writes 0.

       I0CODI2 (P69)          NP165                         If 2nd drive feedback and I0TYPE =1 or 2.

       I0CODI1 (P68)          NP166                         If 2nd drive feedback and I0TYPE =1 or 2.

       ABSOFF (P53)           PP177          Internal       If 1st drive feedback.
                              PP178          External       If 2nd drive feedback.




      i       If a.m.p. DRISET(P91) is other than 0, drive parameters NP121, NP122 and NP123 are updated with
              the set indicated in that axis machine parameter.




                                                                                                                CNC 8055
                                                                                                                CNC 8055i



                                                                                                                    SOFT: V01.6X




                                                                                                                                     ·145·
